1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
--> Functions are can be very useful while doing coding/Programming
    as it will help to reduce coding line by not writing redundant code
    Our program will look neat and clean as we are not repeating
    same statement again and again.
   
2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
--> When we called the function at that time the function body is run.

3. What statement creates a function?
--> the def keyword is used the define/create a function.
    if u just create a function without a body it can show error
    so one can write pass in the body.

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
--> Function is the set of statements which will do specific task.
    But when we call a function the function will execute the statement
    written in function body.
    
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
--> In python there is only one global scope per program.
    In local scopes if variable or function defined inside a
    function it's scope will only local scope means we can't be 
    able to see that varaible outside of that function. in local
    scope python will search for first Local scope->global->builtin
  
6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
--> The return will statement will return the value from the function i.e. 
    after manipulating/executing the statement inside the body of function
    at last we will get that manipulated value from function with the help
    of return statement.
    
7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
--> Concept of return statement is simple, let takes an example, I wrote a one function which will 
    do addition of two numbers and that addition, after getting the addition from the function I want
    to multiply the addition with any number, so to that we will use return in our function because return 
    statement will give us primitive data types so we can able to perform operation on it, if we use
    print statement it will return none type so we will not be abale to perform operation on it.
    Yes we can return a value by using expression.
 
 8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
 --> if function does not contain return statement, by default it's return value would be NoneType.
 
9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
--> Let suppose you want to make a local variable to be a gloabl variable, so to do
    that we will use global in before  variabale to make it's scope global.
    
 10. What is the data type of None?
 --> None type of data is a null value, means it cannot be 0 or false , or empty string.
 
 11. What does the sentence import are allyourpetsnamederic do?
 --> we use import statement to import a already written module, so we can use features/function of that particular
    module. so, here we are importing a module names allyourpetsnamederic.
   
 12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
 --> import spam --> spam.bacon()
 
 13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
 --> To avoid crashing a program, in python there is concept called exception handling,
     by using this concept we are abale to control our flow of programme.
 
 14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
 --> If suppose we are writing a program and we don't know about the error, or we expect that
     some lines of code may raise a error in program so to save our programm getting crashed we write
     those lines of code in try block.
     let suppose that, the lines of code that we had wrote in try block, raise an error, so to
     handle this error we used except block, so tha our programm runs smoothly, without any
     interrpution.
